KEY FEATURES
20170416
JS does not have classes, JS does not have a method to access 
a single character in a string. substr shall be used.


20170416 1719


Today is Easter. I started JSBasics course for the second time.
I had to interrupt the first time to complete a course in Git. 
A course in Git was very useful. I am really glad that I put so
much of effort into it. I am glad that I did this course.

Reflections on JS.

What is your first impression on JS.
I find JS to be quite flexible and easy to write language.
I know, that easiness of writing, as well as low strictness
of definitions will shows its implications later on. However,
flexibility with operators, sizes of numbers, strings, and 
variables so far gives me confidence.

What topics have you studied so far?
Addressing of HTML elements through JS. JS stings, arrays, and now object.
Console - an important and handy tool.

Idea: start reflections with some Key Features section.
Started actually.

20170416 1834
Completed section on JS objects. A really useful insight. Key things to keep in mind:
(1) almost anything can incorportate enything; (2) dot notation and square bracket notation;
(3) [] - to address object elements names with forbidden symbols, like, for instance,
ones to pass to php. 
(4) - some literal notation using a colon - not clear what did they mean - most probably
assignments inside the object structure;
(5) JSON concept model - quite convenient;
(6) OVerall - OK, forces you to google a lot of things and to experinment strictly within
a particular area of study at one time.


20170416 2122
Completed problem set 4. Replace function, regular expressions.
Was a hard, tedious, but fruitful excercise. I read a lot about regular
expressions. Perhaps, it may be useful to memorize them in future.
Also I collected all the links in the file. I think, I should carefully read
them all one by one. 
The course is good because it pointed out important and practical aspects, like
dot and bracket notations.
Also there was a piece of practice with accessing html properties through JS.
And a lot of work with replacements.

20170416 2247
I made a tricky quiz. Quiz requested to determine if an object bio had any
skills inside it. I have not found out a fail-proof method. As I understood,
there is no one. The methode depends on particular project. In this case I copied
from stackoverflow 
bio.skills[0] != null

Note1: != is a counterpart of ==, and !== is of ===. !== does not work in this
instance. Stackoverflow sais != treats undefined and null for the same, that is
why it works. Nevertheless, it also works with length, etc. So, it is actually cool.

Note2: Remember, that arrays in JS are LINER. They cannot (statement to be 
re-checked) have missing elements. Means, it always starts with [0],
[0] can be null, but cannot be undefined (???).

Conculsion: I liked very much the sample provided by Udacity. It makes vars
starting with HTML tags, gives them style, etc, and appends them to the HTML
body elements - WOW! Really cool. I will study it tomorro in a lot lot lot more
detail.

20170417 1435
It was a long morning I was doing lesson 4. Lesson 4 hits deeper into practice
and independent usage of 3d side sources. 
Lesson 4 teaches encapsulation, loops and conditions.
Important to remember: eachOf or standard for shall be used for 
looping through objects. Implications of for in are those that
you need to provide extra controls for scope. Otherwise, the
result of the function becomes unpredictable. Function is object.
Also there was a touch of asynchronous function.
I am leaving the finalization of the resume for later days. I would like to
get some hands-on practice first. Only after that I will come to the resume
and will try to finalize it.
Overall satisfaction with the course is very high. Also, it gives a link and
an example of usage of third party js libraries for animated stuff and
illustrations, which are pretty awesome.


